Refactor railsrc file location to be xdg compliant (#39411)
rails/rails: railties/CHANGELOG.md

*   Make railsrc file location xdg-specification compliant

    Rails new will load the railsrc file from XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rails/railsrc
    It will then fallback to .config if XDG_CONFIG_HOME not specified

>     It will then fallback to HOME/.railsrc

Author: Added the blank line and backticks now, if everything looks good to you then I'll squash and force-push up everything in a single commit for review.

*   Make railsrc file location xdg-specification compliant

>     Rails new will load the `railsrc` file from `XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rails/railsrc`.
>     It will then fallback to `.config` if `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` not specified.
>     It will then fallback to `HOME/.railsrc`.

Reviewer: "Rails new" could use some backticks too!  Also, to clarify what `.config` means, what do you think about:

```suggestion
    `rails new` will now look for the default `railsrc` file at
    `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rails/railsrc` (or `~/.config/rails/railsrc` if
    `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` is not set).  If this file does not exist, `rails new`
    will fall back to `~/.railsrc`.
```

Author: Sure, I've made these changes now.
